Update README with new Clean Code wording and link from Marketing (#1691)
SonarSource/sonar-scanner-msbuild: README.md

[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=sonarscanner-msbuild&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?id=sonarscanner-msbuild&metric=coverage)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](#contributing)

> The SonarScanner for .NET is the recommended way to launch a SonarQube or SonarCloud analysis for [Clean Code](https://www.sonarsource.com/solutions/clean-code/) projects/solutions using MSBuild or dotnet command as a build tool. It is the result of a [collaboration between SonarSource and Microsoft.](https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube/latest/analyzing-source-code/scanners/sonarscanner-for-dotnet/)

Reviewer: The `collaboration between SonarSrouce and Microsoft` now leads to `SonarScanner for .NET` documentation page, that again has a `collaboration between SonarSource and Microsoft` link pointing to the final destination.

That behavior is unexpected from a reader point of view. Let's directly go to the announced target
```suggestion
The SonarScanner for .NET is the recommended way to launch a SonarQube or SonarCloud analysis for [Clean Code](https://www.sonarsource.com/solutions/clean-code/) projects/solutions using MSBuild or dotnet command as a build tool. It is the result of a [collaboration between SonarSource and Microsoft.](https://www.sonarsource.com/blog/easy-analysis-of-visual-studio-solutions-with-the-sonarqube-scanner-for-msbuild/)
```

> The SonarScanner for .NET is the recommended way to launch a SonarQube or SonarCloud analysis for [Clean Code](https://www.sonarsource.com/solutions/clean-code/) projects/solutions using MSBuild or dotnet command as a build tool. It is the result of a [collaboration between SonarSource and Microsoft.]([http://www.sonarqube.org/announcing-sonarqube-integration-with-msbuild-and-team-build/](https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube/latest/analyzing-source-code/scanners/sonarscanner-for-dotnet/))

Reviewer: The modification of the 2nd link breaks the MD file and link is not displayed. I'm not sure what the intention was, as multiple different links seems to be mixed there

Author: The one that was there before didn't work (anymore)
